https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction/

Intro to UI Frameworks and libraries
1. As a developer, deploying your application to a web server, you will use a bundling tool to:
-> Combine all your dependencies into a single file.

2. There are media queries that are a part of the CSS version 3 specification. What do they allow developers to query in order to conditionally apply CSS rules? Choose all that apply.  
Display Size
Orientation
Aspect Ratio

3. As a web developer, you will use a modifier to indicate the breakpoint in Bootstrap CSS rules.  
-> No (Bootstrap modifiers add a CSS class to change the visual style of components. You will use an infix to indicate the breakpoint in Bootstrap CSS rules.)

4. If I want to notify clients that Little Lemon has added a new burger to their menu. To do this I will use a Bootstrap Component. Which CSS classes can I use? Select all that apply.
alert
alert-info

Introduction to React
1. In website design, dynamic content is usually generated from where?
-> The application server

2. Which of the following are SPA approaches to serving code? Select all that apply.
-> Bundling, Lazy loading (bundling will return all resources immediately and lazy loading returns only the minimum required resources.)

3. You are developing a SPA, or Single Page Application. Why is it beneficial to use React during your development? Choose all that apply from the list below.
Maintain code in the long term.
Re-use components.
Write less code to implement functionality in a web browser.
Simplify testing.

4. Indicate the correct process that React uses to ensure that your application is fast and responsive to user input:
-> React updates the virtual DOM and compares it to the previous version of the virtual DOM. If a change has occurred, only that element is updated in the browser DOM. Changes on the browser DOM cause the displayed webpage to change.     

5. React components cannot be re-used. Each component needs to be coded according to the tree of components.
-> False (The great benefit of developing your website with React is that components can be reused so that you do not need to code every component from scratch. )